>> Scott Moss: Any questions on
creating an agent from scratch?
Because I'm gonna tell you, everything
that I just taught you today is literally
the foundation of what we're
using in production right now.
And what I can promise you what,
other tools with hundreds of thousands,
if not millions of users are also
using in production right now.
It's the same foundation, and
everything else that they have in it,
it's just like guard rails,
performance, things like that.
But this foundation,
this is really what people start with, and
it's just more of the same, so
you really do have an example.
You've went through it, you've seen how
people build with this stuff today.
Because let's be fair,
there aren't any experts today.
[LAUGH] There's no such
thing as an expert.
Everyone is just figuring
this stuff out as they go.
I get on Twitter and
there's this person on Twitter who's
like a day ahead of me on something.
And that person's on the edge, and
I'm like, okay, nobody knows this,
we're all just floundering, right?
So this stuff's just moving really,
really quickly,
more quickly than we can keep up with it.
So if you're feeling overwhelmed by it,
so am I, so is everyone else.
But it doesn't mean you
can't use it today,
it doesn't mean you can't
get value from it today.
So trust me when I tell you what you
have here is literally what everyone is
doing right now, yes?
>> Speaker 1: Where do you like
to go to stand the cutting edge?
Is that Twitter usually?
>> Scott Moss: Twitter is really good, but
only if you're following the right people.
So if you're not following the right
people, I would say Hugging Face is great,
I love Hugging Face.
It's like the Github of AI models, I
highly recommend going to Hugging Face and
playing around with some of these models,
they're super cool.
They're really easy to get started with,
some of them, just like APIs,
you can just use them, super great.
That and Hacker News and
a bunch of random Discords and
Reddits is pretty much
where I stay up to date.
Yeah, Mark?
>> Mark: Is Google's AI worth looking
at or just go all in on OpenAI?
>> Scott Moss: Gemini.
>> Mark: Or even Llama?
>> Scott Moss: Do not use Llama
unless you are LLM ops person and
you know how to fine tune and
train and you got tons of data and
cutting costs while increasing
performance is your goal.
If that's not your goal, if you just
wanna build an app that use AI,
you should not be using Llama.
Llama is the end goal of a company that
is successful and wants to save money and
keep the same performance.
It's not something you should start with,
unless your product is offline.
We only run on people's computers and our
customers are only people who have extreme
GPUs, and yeah, I guess, go do that.
But no, you probably won't do that,
because then you got to find out where
you're gonna host this thing and like
GPU infrastructure right now is crazy.
Google's Gemini thing is actually really
good, I'll admit it is really good.
The problem with it is that it's so
hard to set up, it's so
hard to set up Google's APIs.
You got to go do this, you got to set
this up, you got to make an account.
It takes 30 minutes to set up an account
with Google to start using their APIs,
whereas, everything else is
like five minutes or less.
>> Mark: Yeah, I saw levels on Twitter.
>> Scott Moss: You talked about this?
>> Mark: Yeah, today,
he was complaining about it.
>> Scott Moss: Wow, [LAUGH]
>> Mark: And then Tyler on chat says that
Hugging Face even has some great tutorials
that he's been following and yeah, cool.
>> Scott Moss: Yes,
Hugging Face has a great tutorial, so
there's this really cool thing.
We talked about transformers, right?
So check this out, transformers js,
ooh, is this the one?
Yes, yes, yes, so there's this really
cool thing, and is this the one?
Hold on, okay, yeah, so this is really
cool thing of Python called transformers.
The best way I can think about is,
it's like a framework for
combining models together.
They have it in JavaScript now, so
there's some really cool models out there
that can do some really interesting stuff.
And now you can just use all that same
stuff that you could in Python in
JavaScript using transformers, so I highly
recommend checking out transformers.
I actually use this a lot on my
gaming computer to generate images.
I train images on, my friends faces,
my cat, all types of stuff,
and I just generate stuff for fun.
So transformers kind of
makes that possible, yes?
>> Mark: Do you recommend any tools for
doing evals?
>> Scott Moss: I'm going to get
into that in the next course,
we will be doing evals.
But as a preview to that,
I do use Braintrust.
Personally, I use Braintrust data,
it's not something you should use for
your personal products,
because it's super expensive.
Yeah, I use them to evaluate and
log and do everything.
But honestly, you don't even need.
This is just a great place for
a dashboard and collecting your data,
all the real value you can get
just from an open source tool and
just logging it yourself and
keeping track of it in your own files.
This is just like a UI for
it to be honest, but it is valuable,
don't get me wrong.
And there's tons of different eval
stuff and I'll cover a lot of them.
It's just that right now a lot
of them are very Python heavy,
it's really hard to get into
some of the JavaScript stuff.
But I like Braintrust because
the founder is really cool, and
they're TypeScript shops.
They really love TypeScripts,
they always like do that.
And then the really cool thing is,
we go to their blog they have, or
maybe it's their docs, let's see.
Yeah, here we go, cookbook,
this one's really cool, so
they have a cookbook on how
to evaluate certain systems.
And there's this one that they have in
here from Zapier, that's really cool,
of how Zapier evaluates its tool usage
in their chat box and TypeScript.
And it literally walks you through
how they evaluate whether or
not the right tools are being
called in their chat system, and
then how they can improve it,
and it's really cool.
I actually use most of this in my eval
framework, so these cookbooks have been
great because I'm not a data scientist,
it's really hard for me to understand.
I don't even know what metric I should be
picking, there's so many different types
of metrics that are very scientific, and
I don't know what any of this stuff means.
So this stuff really is very helpful.
>> Speaker 2: So back to Llama, and
one of the use case scenarios that
I've run into is where company
doesn't necessarily want to be using
an AI service because of
privacy of their information or
regulatory type things,
or government agencies.
What kind of alternatives?
I mean, what's your take on that,
and how do you?
>> Scott Moss: I don't blame them,
I don't want your OpenAI, on my stuff.
So yeah,
I think there's a lot of levels to it.
I think the first level is,
if you use something like OpenAI or
anthropic, a lot of them have clauses
where you can say, a no train clause.
Well, first of all, I think by default,
they don't train on anything
that's sent in by the API.
They only train on things that
are sent in through like ChatGPT or
so they say, but
you can also work with OpenAI to be like,
don't train any of my stuff,
and they should oblige to that.
If you don't feel comfortable with that,
or you just want something that's like
more underneath on your infrastructure,
OpenAI partnered with Azure.
So you can get OpenAI, you can get
a lot of their models on Azure, or
anthropic partner with AWS, so
you can get sonnet 3.5 which,
in my opinion, is really great on AWS,
on your own infrastructure.
So you can have that as well.
>> Speaker 2: Still public cloud
infrastructure, though, right?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, I mean, it's still
on AWS, you could put it in a VPC,
you're not gonna have it on your own rack.
Yeah, they're not gonna give you the file
for it, yeah, so that's like that, and
then you move further down,
then it's like, yeah.
At that point, you do need to do,
a Llama or a Mistral, or
whatever else is out there, and
you're gonna need fine tuning.
You're gonna need a lot of fine tuning
to get it to where you want it to be,
which means you're gonna
need lots of data.
So that's why I think what you wanna
do is you wanna start with one of
the other suggestions,
collect the data that you need.
Once you reach a threshold,
use that data to go train Llama, and
then now you can throw Llama on whatever,
hardware, whatever racks that you have.
If you have the compute for it,
then you can do it there, but, yeah,
that's what I would recommend.
>> Mark: Have you used AI services by AWS?
>> Scott Moss: I have, yeah,
we have sonnet 3.5 on AWS, and honestly,
it's actually pretty good,
I'm not gonna lie.
I don't really like AWS, it's kind
of confusing and weird UI, but they
have a lot of really good tools on there,
and they have lots and lots of models.
Pretty much every model that
isn't OpenAI is on AWS, and
they have prompt management tools,
they have evaluation frameworks.
They have a lot of stuff on AWS to
help you, and it's just good enough.
So, yeah, I haven't had any issues with
it, I think it's pretty good, yep.
>> Mark: There's questions
around fine tuning a model and
then continuing to update the model.
Do you have any experience?
>> Scott Moss: I do, I have experience
fine tuning models, LLMs and
diffusion models.
So if you think of a model,
it's a foundational model, it's trained.
Fine tuning is like just training
the last mile, the last 2% of that model.
And typically, you would fine tune if you
wanted the output to look a certain way.
It's less about accuracy,
it's more like I wanna save tokens, and
I want the output to always look a certain
way or instance, an example would be,
if we want our AI to respond like
an executive system would respond.
I would go get a bunch of inputs and
example outputs, or
I get a bunch of inputs and I would go
hire an army of executive assistants and
say, respond to this the way
that you would respond.
And then I would take that and I would
fine tune a model like this is how you
respond in this vocabulary,
this type of stuff.
So it feels and sounds a certain way, and
that's really the only way to get to
what I call SME level of a of an AI.
Cuz right now, OpenAI is just so generic,
you can just tell when someone generates
something with OpenAI or any API.
But if it's fine tuned,
then it kind of becomes really blurry,
cuz it's very specific
if it was trained well.
So fine tuning is mostly for
that, and then,
updating the model as you go,
fine tuning is really expensive.
So there's not something that you
would just be doing all the time.
There really is no need for,
there's just like you need to give
it access to more relevant data.
That's what RAG is for,
that's what system prompts are for.
If you need to update it because
the weights have changed,
because the output that you're expecting
is different than when you originally
fine tune it, then, yeah,
I guess that's fine.
But if you're fine tuning constantly all
the time, I would imagine you need to
rethink your architecture to where
you don't need to be doing that and
probably rely on something else,
like RAG or something.